Improved documentation for annotation typing (#3799)
cython/cython: docs/src/tutorial/pure.rst

quite different with respect to overflow and division.

Annotations can be combined with the ``@cython.exceptval()`` decorator for non-Python
return types:

  .. literalinclude:: ../../examples/tutorial/pure/exceptval.py

Note that the default exception handling behaviour when returning C numeric types
is to check for ``-1``, and if that was returned, check Python's error indicator
for an exception.  This means, if no ``@exceptval`` decorator is provided, and the
return type is a numeric type, then the default with type annotations is
``@exceptval(-1, check=True)``, in order to make sure that exceptions are correctly
and efficiently reported to the caller.  Exception propagation can be disabled
explicitly with ``@exceptval(check=False)``, in which case any Python exceptions
raised inside of the function will be printed and ignored.

Since version 0.27, Cython also supports the variable annotations defined
in `PEP 526 <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0526/>`_. This allows to
declare types of variables in a Python 3.6 compatible way as follows:

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/tutorial/pure/pep_526.py

There is currently no way to express the visibility of object attributes.

> Cython does not support the full range of annotations described by PEP-0526.
> For example it does not understand features from the ``typing`` module such 
> as ``Optional[]`` or typed containers such as ``List[str]``. Such annotations
> typically do not provide information that is useful to Cython in generating
> efficient C code.

Reviewer: It's true that these type hints do not always help, but they _could_ in many situations, even if it's just the hint that it's "most likely" a dict (or a list) that will get passed, and never a tuple or other container.
```suggestion
Cython does not support the full range of annotations described by PEP-484.
For example it does not currently understand features from the ``typing`` module
such  as ``Optional[]`` or typed containers such as ``List[str]``. This is partly
because some of these type hints are not relevant for the compilation to
efficient C code. In other cases, however, where the generated C code could
benefit from these type hints but does not currently, help is welcome to
improve the type analysis in Cython.
```
